# BU-Renew
Our assigned use case for this year’s competition is The College of New Jersey (TCNJ) located in Ewing Township, NJ. In their long range facilities plan, TCNJ outlines their goal of using renewable energy for 50% of their energy needs by 2030. This acts as an achievable intermediate goal while working toward carbon neutrality by 2040. To aid TCNJ in achieving this goal, our team thoroughly analyzed energy audit documents to determine which buildings on campus had the most PV potential.

The Maintenance Building, Athletic Recreation Center, Cromwell Hall, Trenton Hall, Music Building, Gitenstein Library, Roscoe L. West Hall, Education Building, Forcina Hall, Biology & STEM Buildings, and Science Complex were determined to be the buildings with the most potential for implementing solar. We chose to model PV systems for all twelve of these buildings to ensure maximum renewable energy offset for the campus in alignment with their 2030 goal. Choosing a large rooftop system was particularly important because the Authority Having Jurisdiction (AHJ), Ewing Township, does not allow for ground-mounted PV systems in the R-1 zone that TCNJ resides in. In addition to these rooftop-mounted systems, we included in our design a ground-mounted, sunflower-shaped solar panel device made by the company SmartFlower in front of Trenton Hall. These SmartFlowers track the sun like a real sunflower using dual-axis technology. The SmartFlower’s aesthetic appeal and placement in front of Trenton Hall will help achieve TCNJ’s goal to increase general student awareness of sustainability. Lastly, our system contains two different battery storage options for TCNJ to consider: a 1.4 MW, 2.8 MWh system outside of the Power House building, and a 630 kW, 1260 kWh system for the STEM building located close to Cerva Lake. These energy storage systems support the peak loads of either the STEM building or the Cogeneration plant for 2 hours, allowing TCNJ time to turn on emergency generators in a power outage. While large investments, these storage systems will provide critical resiliency for two important campus buildings if TCNJ deems them necessary.
